I want to talk about a movie that I'm
really excited about it is called
Pacific Rim it's coming out this summer
and I pretty much grew up with movies
like this but more specifically I wanted
to mention a movie that I saw in
theaters when I was a kid my dad took me
to go see it on opening weekend I
believe it's a movie called robot rocks
released many many years ago and I
wanted to talk about this movie because
hey it's probably a movie a lot of you
haven't heard about and be there's a lot
of similarities between it and Pacific
Rim and Pacific Rim we see the jaegers
which is the name of the big robots are
being controlled by two pilots and Galen
Turturro has said that the reason
there's two pilots is because each pilot
controls one hemisphere of the brain and
so two pilots two halves of the brain so
in robot Jack's it's probably for budget
reasons there's only one pilot
controlling the giant mech but it's just
really cool for someone like me to grow
up with movies like this after a robot
chucks came out a lot of direct-to-video
movies came out with robots either
fighting each other or fighting monsters
or something and then of course there's
always been the old Godzilla movies the
old King Kong's which is just big you
know monsters fighting and what's really
cool is the budgets that movies have
nowadays is crazy and back then as
you'll see I'll have some previews of
robot jocks running and also put a link
to the trailer for it back in the day
movies like this didn't really get the
ginormous budgets that they have today
so that's really exciting and just a
return to the genre itself the closest
thing we've got into like a big robot
movie is the new Transformers movies by
Michael Bay and some people have
different opinions about them I loved
the robot portions of the movie if you
could cut out every
thing with Shia LeBouf and basically all
the human parts of the movies out those
movies would be a lot better they
wouldn't be perfect because there's
still some cheesy parts that I could
have done without in all three movies
but you know that's basically all we
have for the most part but now those
immigrant looks really awesome and so I
just wanted to make you all aware of
this movie robot Chuck's that you know
it's kind of a really old b-movie but
it's got a lot of similarities Pacific
Rim and you'll see in the trailers
there's even one part in the trailer
we're in Pacific Rim the robots go like
that the pilot goes like that then it
shows the robot doing the same thing and
in robot Jack's
again released like over 20 years ago
the same scene the pilot you know does
the same thing and then it shows the
robot doing the same thing so really
cool a lot of similarities but again
Pacific Rim massive budget much better
special effects but it's still worth
your time if you're interested in the
genre to check out robot rocks so I'll
put a description I'll put a link in the
description down below the video on
where you can view the movie or purchase
the movie and if it's an Amazon link it
will be a partner link that helps me out
and it doesn't cost you anything extra
to use that link if you want to pick up
the movie that way but you are smart
people out there and I'm sure you'll
find other ways to find robot rocks
online and watch it but that's all I'm
going to say about that so anyways
that's pretty much it for this first
video like I said I'll have links to the
trailer for both movies in the
description and maybe like here on the
side somewhere I'll put some annotation
so you can just link directly to them
now I know those don't always work on
mobile phones so the links will be in
the description as well and if you have
any questions comments or suggestions
for me
you can only message me here on youtube
or you can find me on Facebook Twitter
and Google+ and all those other social
networking sites those are linked in my
channel page so you can only set me up
on those as well until next time
hope you enjoy watching roblox should
you choose to do so which you should and
let me know what you think about it in
the comment section down below so make
sure to subscribe to this channel if you
want to see more videos like this in the
future it helps me out because I get
more subscribers and makes me look good
in YouTube's eyes and it helps you out
because you get notified whenever I make
new videos so make sure to subscribe and
hit that like button because that also
helps me out too and it's just a click
you know doesn't cost you anything but
that helps me you know fund these videos
and purchase movies or apps or whatever
I may be doing videos on in the future
so until next time enjoy the movie and
I'll see you later bye